to say that men are stronger to say that
men are faster taller whatever
that's not to say that women are
inferior that's not to say that we're
not capable of amazing things and we're
not strong and we're not again all of
those words are previously mentioned but
we have different physical ceilings
um I believe we deserve to be celebrated
on our uniqueness that's what makes the
women's sporting category special and
there are still phenoms in women's
sports just like there are male Sports
look at Venus and Serena Williams while
by no means could they compete with the
the best male tennis player they're
phenomenal